Replace `Model` trait with `Format` trait (applied to `Response` instead) (#2559)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust: .github/copilot-instructions.md

-   Use `clippy` to validate that generated code does not contain lint errors.
-   If you have trouble generating safe, efficient, maintainable, and lint-free code, insert a `TODO` comment describing what should happen.
-   All imported types, constants, functions, modules, and macros should be imported explicitly. Never import `*`.

> -   Avoid modifying generated code, found in `generated` subdirectories. These files are generated by external tools and should not be edited manually.

Reviewer: I'd be more forthright:
```suggestion
-   Do not modify generated code, found in `generated` subdirectories. These files are generated by external tools and should not be edited manually.
```
Or was the idea that it could for temporary changes like this until the emitter catches up?

-   The `tests` module should be conditioned on `#[cfg(test)]`.
-   The `tests` module should always import APIs from `super`.
-   Do not begin test function names with "test" unless necessary to disambiguate from the function being tested.

## Validating and Linting

> -   Always use `cargo test` to validate that the generated code compiles and passes all tests.

Reviewer: Does this try to limit it to only affected crates? If not, might be good for us to try.

Author: Not really, and I might remove this and the line after. The main thing I wanted to add was the last line in this block: "Combine commands to save time and reduce user interactions.". I was getting annoyed with having to keep approving a `cargo check` that would pass and then lead to an immediate `cargo test`. If it just ran `cargo check && cargo test` (or even just `cargo test`) it would be able to see compilation errors and optimistically go straight to looking at test failures if there are none.

It _kinda_ works, and I got it to combine commands _sometimes_. But it doesn't seem to **hurt** so I put it in. I feel like that's Prompt Engineering in a nutshell 🤣
